Let's add another component here.
But this time instead of pages Let's actually add a component that we can use on our pages.
And here we can just create a component folder let's say components
and this could be up here or we could be inside of pages.
It doesn't really matter pages as the only default folder that you need for next year yes.
So in the components folder Let's create an let's say image component and this image component
will just return.
Let's see let's export before this is all before we forget.
And we'll just export an image that I already actually grabbed.
Let's make sure we close this
and we're going to grab this chameleon image just because I think it looks nice save that.
And in the last two about dodgiest page we're going to import it again nothing different here we've
seen it before.
You want to import the image from the folder again because it's outside of the pages folder we have
to go one directory up two dots then slash and then go into the components folder and grab the image
or image.
And now we can hopefully import the image component.
Let's save and go back to our example if I click on About Well I got the most beautiful website you've
ever seen.
I was a magician once by the Chameleon.
Very cool.
All right so we know these principles from react and everything is nice and simple.
Let's get to a more complex topic in the next video by.